add doc for AlertmanagerConfigInconsistent (#4)
swissquote/runbooks: content/runbooks/alertmanager/AlertmanagerConfigInconsistent.md

---
title: Alertmanager ConfigInconsistent
weight: 20
---

# AlertmanagerConfigInconsistent

## Meaning

The configuration between instances inside a cluster is inconsistent.

## Impact

Configuration inconsistency can be multiple and impact is hard to predict. 

> Nevertheless, most of the case the alert might be lost or routed to the incorrect integration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nevertheless, in most cases the alert might be lost or routed to the incorrect integration. 
```
